An integration test is meant to test all layers.
We will have steps for preparing the data,
executing the test, getting the response,
and verifying the response.
This is pretty straightforward.
We'll see it in action soon.
If you remember,
we added an overriding controller with a method called getApplications.
This is the method we are going to write the unit test for.
We will also test the CRUD methods of the applicationRepository.
We also added the getApplicationsById,
where we pass in the ID for a patiricualr application.
There are a few things we need to verify in our integration test.
Our integration test is going to send a GET request with the ID
parameter set to the employee ID we are trying to find,
next, we are going to look at the response of the HTTPStatus,
and then we're going to check the returned object.
So let's see this in action.
In our demo, we will check our project's configuration in IntelliJ,
we will create a test case and execute for the ApplicationCatalogController, we will also test the CRUD methods for the ApplicationRepository test.